Automatically send traces to agent Unix socket if present (#1700)
DataDog/dd-trace-rb: docs/GettingStarted.md

### Configuring the transport layer

> By default, the tracer submits trace data using the Unix socket `/var/run/datadog/apm.socket`, if one is created by the Agent. Otherwise, it connects with `Net::HTTP` to `127.0.0.1:8126`, the default TCP location the Agent listens on.

Reviewer: Minor: Maybe we could start sweeping `Net::HTTP` under the rug in our docs here, even if we don't have plans to move away from `Net::HTTP`:

```suggestion
By default, the tracer submits trace data using the Unix socket `/var/run/datadog/apm.socket`, if one is created by the Agent. Otherwise, it connects via HTTP to `127.0.0.1:8126`, the default TCP location the Agent listens on.
```
